1. Excel Structure & Tabs* You mentioned 7 tabs:* The first tab is "health score components" (to be ignored).* The next 5 tabs are KPI tabs (each with "KPI" in the label).* The last tab is "overall health score" (rollup).Q:* What are the exact names of the 5 KPI tabs? (e.g., "Relationship Strength KPI", "Product Usage KPI", etc.)Answer: Product Usage KPI, Support KPI, Support KPI, Business Outcomes KPI, Relationship Strength KPI.* Is the "overall health score" tab always the last one, and does it have a fixed name?Answer: Yes 2. KPI Metadata & Data Columns* You said to use metadata for KPIs from the Excel upload.Q:* What columns are present in each KPI tab? (e.g., "KPI Name", "Description", "Target", "Weight", "Unit", "Data", etc.)Answer: Health Score Component: KPI category nameWeight: this is overall weight of KPI category, not individual KPIData: This is where each customer will put the actual data from “high/Medium/Low” current maturity levelSource Review: It’s the source of KPI dataKPI/Parameter: the name of actual KPIImpact level: High/Medium/Low is a metadata doesn’t change for each customerMeasurement frequency: The KPI measurement interval metadata, doesn’t change for each customer* * Is the "Data" column always the one where the customer will enter their value?Answer: yes, either they chane this in UI provided by our application or uploaded via excel. For test purposes, we can use “Impact Level” data as is to rollup to 100% at overall health score level. * Are there any columns that should be ignored or treated as metadata only?Answer: please see the detailed answer above. 3. Multi-Tenancy* This is a SaaS app with multiple customers.Yes, please also note there may be a customer with several M&A process in place. So we need a smart solution.for now ignore this.Q:* How do you want to identify or separate data for each customer? (e.g., customer ID in the file, login, or upload context)Answer: Yes correct, we need customer name and generate am ID to access customers. For login purpose in future we may need to integrate with customer SSO.* Should the uploaded file contain customer-identifying information, or is that handled elsewhere in the app?Answer: it may or may not, the session started by customer should be able to put the file in the  right location and credentials.4. Health Score Calculation* The "overall health score" tab is a rollup.Q:* Should the app calculate the overall health score, or just display the value from the Excel file?Answer: For the rollup purposes, use data column, it should always add up to 100, please note that we need to normalize all the KPIs to 100% and multiply by weight factor before we roll this up to overall health score. E.g a “high” impact may be only 5 or 6 value for Product usage KPI with a total of 19 KPIs whereas Relationship KPI High Impact may be 8-9.* Are there any formulas or rules for how the rollup is calculated, or is it always provided in the file?Answer : see above5. Other Requirements* Any other metadata or special fields in the Excel that should be captured (e.g., KPI category, owner, frequency, etc.)?Answer: please see above for details.* Should the app support uploading multiple files per customer, or just one at a time?Answer: one per customer. The other future requirements : it is targeted to be a AI RAG based application where customer is allowed to upload several other contextual data for to support these KPIs such customer support trends, contract details, the idea is to provide customer a NLP based interface and evaluate the KPI impact by certain actions he may choose to carry. The customer should be able to download a copy of “TO be” future state excel with actions needed to get there.